The Joe Rogan experience.
Here's what freaked me out. And it didn't seem to bother a lot of people.
The Biden administration,
the Biden administration blocked the release of the JFK papers.
JFK was shot in 1963. How weird is that? They're like, Nope,
people are still alive. The pick, some people that would be are still alive.
What that tells me the government killed some shady gone.
That's what that tells me that doesn't tell me that the,
the mafia killed Kennedy or the Russians killed Kenny or the Cubans killed
Kennedy. That tells me the government probably had that
something. Yeah, they're hiding something.
It's 1963. That happened four years before I was born.
It's 58 years ago. And still got to still hide it. Not yet.
Not yet. God yet. Hold it. Wait another 25 years. Unbelievable.
It's crazy that they could even justify that,
that someone could keep historical information.
That's relevant to our understanding of how the country really functioned
in 1963.
They keep that from us because it must be relevant to how the country still
functions today. It must, it must have some bearing president being killed.
Yeah. And we can't know all there is to know about it. Right? What do you know?
You? I, yeah.
I want to know that more than I want to know about UFO's I wanna know.
What did you do? Yeah. What the did you do? Alan specter?
I don't even know who that is. Arlen specter. Um,
he was one of the people that were on both of them. Both of them.
He was one of the guys that was on the Warren commission report.
I think it was his idea for the, uh, believe, see if this is right.
I think he's the guy who came up with the idea for the single bullet theory,
which is the dumbest theory in the like you're a guy who's shot a lot of rifles.
When bullets hit bones, they get up. Oh yeah.
That bullet was pristine. And they found it in the gurney. Oh,
look magic on Connolly gun, governor, Texas Connolly's gurney.
They found this a magic bullet that they think did all the damage to Kennedy.
And to him went through two people,
broke bones and it was not mushroom doubt or anything. Not even a little.
You never seen it. I haven't. Oh,
you're in for a treat generally credited to him. That's what it says.
What's that generally credit to him is what this says.
I was trying to find Arlen specter, Arlen, specters, the guy.
He was a creep during the Bush administration. I remember like listening to him,
talk on TV.
And then when I found out that he was a part of the Warren commission that
actually came up with the single bullet there, I was like, oh,
so look at that bullet. That's it exactly like as a hunter?
Yeah. As a guy, who's shot bullets. When you look at that, you're like,
there is no way. And I've had arguments with people say actually,
that's a, that's not a good photo. If you look at it from another angle,
you know, you could see that it has some distortion. I'm like the up. Every.
Bullet I've ever seen, that's been in an animal is mushrooms. Just,
that's how they perform. They mushroom out. And there's a,
there's a fine line between basically coming apart where the damage would
be dissipated or, and in mushroom. Perfect.
None of them look like this though.
Yeah. There's other photos of it where it shows that it's slightly distorted.
Right.
But the re like there there's a good that somebody actually tried to say that to
be no, no, no. You should look at it from this angle. I was like, I'm like,
you don't know anything about guns.
You need to shut your mouth because that's something that was shot into a
swimming pool. That's what happened there. So that's what that looks like. Well,
look.
At that. They're even worse. That was one of.
The bullets. So that must be one of the bullets, but that's possible.
That's possible. But yeah, like modern bolt.
But another thing we have to think of is maybe modern technology.
The bullets that we have is better than the bullets they had back then,
but either way, there's no way here. It goes.
Every bullet shows signs of damage, uh, exerting force,
breaking bones, damage to the initial shooting except the magic bullet.
Yeah. There's no way. And they had to come up. Here's the thing about the,
this is the thing about the theory, by the way,
I have lost months of my life studying the JFK assassination.
I really have,
I've spent so much time reading books on the JFC JFK assassination,
but one of the reasons why they had to come up with this theory that this one
bullet did so much damage is they had to account for three gunshots.
And once they found out that a bullet had hit an underpass and
it had chipped the kerbstone and ricocheted up and hit this guy.
So the guy had to be treated at the hospital for a ricochet from the gunshot.
So they knew that that was one bullet that did not hit Kennedy.
It hit the curbs. So there's two.
And so one bullet blows a hole through Kennedy's head.
And so they had to come up with another bullet that went through his,
they went through his back and went into Connolly through his wrist.
I believe it wound up in his thigh. Yeah. This is how they,
they think the bullet went, which is just, and people say, no, no,
you have to take into account. The Kennedy was in an elevated position. Listen,
bullets do wacky things. When they go into animals.
And I was talking to a guy once that told me in the war that they
shot a guy in the head and the bullet came out of his eye going
forward. Like it ricocheted off the back of his skull and can't yeah.
He goes,
bullets do wild things when they hit bones and ricochet off stuff,
but they don't take turns. Now they don't take turns like that.
There's a reason why the bullet would ricochet inside someone's head and then
come out. Like the initial impact is slightly slowed down.
It bounces off the back of the skull and then comes out like,
you're probably clip the eyebrow or something coming in.
But either way they don't come out looking like that. No,
not after they did all that. And there was more damage.
There's more rather fragments inside Connolly's body,
more bullet fragments.
They found in colony Connolly's risk that were missing from the bullet that it
should have immediately discounted that bullet and said,
who gave you this bullet? Who the are you?
Where's this bullet come from for real, you're under arrest.
You're under arrest because I want to know where he got this bullet. And like,
you're, you're going to start talking. Why can't we see that information? Yeah.
That's in there. Yeah. Watch the entire episode for free. Only on Spotify.